2020/02-11/README.md, before:

# DRAFT

# RCHAIN COOPERATIVE

## RESOLUTIONS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT A DULY CALLED SPECIAL MEETING

The undersigned, being all of the members of the Board of Directors of RChain Cooperative, (the “Board”), a Washington cooperative (the “Coop”), pursuant to RCW 23.86, hereby approve and adopt the following resolutions at a duly called meeting (the “Resolutions”) held telephonically on February 11, 2020:

##

*Directors Present: Greg Meredith, Eric Meng, Evan Jensen, Darryl Neudorf, Steve Henley* \
*Absent:  Steve Ross-Talbot, Vlad Zamfir* \
*Others Present:  Lilia Rusu, Ian Bloom, Rao Bhamidipati* \
*Meeting called to order at 12:00 PM PDT.*

##

## BOD Resolution: Tainted RHOC Amendment

Whereas RChain Cooperative has not supported the development of secondary markets involving the RHOC token, we recognize that many people have still traded on exchanges. Rather than impact innocent parties who may have received tainted RHOC from exchanges, the Cooperative will not run the taint analysis, but simply recover the RHOC by setting the following balances at Genesis:

| Address                                    | Balance         |
|--------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| 0x583c3bceb7b517acaeca84bce7c7266d7290a7aa |   0.00          |
| 0x44d37b82cbbb410a42725d3a51c7f84f3bda12a7 |   0.00          |
| 0xaa9bdb711a1ff305f398777c65ac70be6bf0fa5f |   0.00          |
| 0xbdcbf01d5a0fbe303a4863b7331f4c3b87db7cc2 |   1,059,541.08  |
| 0x62917a5bce92bc34bdc6b9254b3cc426d52752f3 |   1,588,740.00  |
| 0x6e75bc5e6547a67f7cb12709decb2bb28e880c74 |   0.00          |
| 0xdcb05f9afa10f0cf405ed39502d4916cbd96cf74 |   0.00          |
| 0xfd9b2240ff070417fb04b6db3944692334916056 |   0.00          |
| 0x5c13a7f45fEe20876e2359698AB55b914C1156db |   0.00          |
| 0x44948d4bcf984ee51d9e1127f3a0e4bc46bd6910 |   0.00          |
| 0x3198af8d57cba0ba93a7f861432f148b37c3af98 |   0.00          |
| 0xbbd9312f8fb2ae80e99cf661b47d8f3f1f151b5c |   0.00          |



For a total recovery of 62,109,258.36 RHOC. The remaining ~2.5 million RHOC from Barcelona and 5 million that Pithia dumped on Kucoin will not be recovered.

This resolution was written collaboratively by those present, and brought to a vote by Steve Henley. Eric Meng seconded the motion. Greg Meredith abstains, and all other board members present voted in favor.

##

*Meeting adjourned at 2:00 PM PST.*

FINALLY RESOLVED, that any or all actions heretofore taken by any director of the Company with respect to any matter referred to or contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and hereby is, ratified and confirmed as the act and deed of the Company.

##

>These minutes were approved by the Board of Directors on March ___, 2020.
>
> `___unsigned__________`
> Lilia Rusu, Secretary

Commit message:

Kucoin recovery likely to change these numbers
Looks like Kucoin was able to freeze some of their customer's accounts holding invalidated RHOC, meaning Co-op should recover 5M plus. Numbers in board resolution should change.

2020/02-11/README.md, after:

# DRAFT - Looks like Kucoin was able to freeze some of their customer's accounts holding invalidated RHOC, meaning Co-op will be recovering much more, and the numbers below will change.

# RCHAIN COOPERATIVE

## RESOLUTIONS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT A DULY CALLED SPECIAL MEETING

The undersigned, being all of the members of the Board of Directors of RChain Cooperative, (the “Board”), a Washington cooperative (the “Coop”), pursuant to RCW 23.86, hereby approve and adopt the following resolutions at a duly called meeting (the “Resolutions”) held telephonically on February 11, 2020:

##

*Directors Present: Greg Meredith, Eric Meng, Evan Jensen, Darryl Neudorf, Steve Henley* \
*Absent:  Steve Ross-Talbot, Vlad Zamfir* \
*Others Present:  Lilia Rusu, Ian Bloom, Rao Bhamidipati* \
*Meeting called to order at 12:00 PM PDT.*

##

## BOD Resolution: Tainted RHOC Amendment

Whereas RChain Cooperative has not supported the development of secondary markets involving the RHOC token, we recognize that many people have still traded on exchanges. Rather than impact innocent parties who may have received tainted RHOC from exchanges, the Cooperative will not run the taint analysis, but simply recover the RHOC by setting the following balances at Genesis:

| Address                                    | Balance         |
|--------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| 0x583c3bceb7b517acaeca84bce7c7266d7290a7aa |   0.00          |
| 0x44d37b82cbbb410a42725d3a51c7f84f3bda12a7 |   0.00          |
| 0xaa9bdb711a1ff305f398777c65ac70be6bf0fa5f |   0.00          |
| 0xbdcbf01d5a0fbe303a4863b7331f4c3b87db7cc2 |   1,059,541.08  |
| 0x62917a5bce92bc34bdc6b9254b3cc426d52752f3 |   1,588,740.00  |
| 0x6e75bc5e6547a67f7cb12709decb2bb28e880c74 |   0.00          |
| 0xdcb05f9afa10f0cf405ed39502d4916cbd96cf74 |   0.00          |
| 0xfd9b2240ff070417fb04b6db3944692334916056 |   0.00          |
| 0x5c13a7f45fEe20876e2359698AB55b914C1156db |   0.00          |
| 0x44948d4bcf984ee51d9e1127f3a0e4bc46bd6910 |   0.00          |
| 0x3198af8d57cba0ba93a7f861432f148b37c3af98 |   0.00          |
| 0xbbd9312f8fb2ae80e99cf661b47d8f3f1f151b5c |   0.00          |



For a total recovery of 62,109,258.36 RHOC. The remaining ~2.5 million RHOC from Barcelona and 5 million that Pithia dumped on Kucoin will not be recovered.

This resolution was written collaboratively by those present, and brought to a vote by Steve Henley. Eric Meng seconded the motion. Greg Meredith abstains, and all other board members present voted in favor.

##

*Meeting adjourned at 2:00 PM PST.*

FINALLY RESOLVED, that any or all actions heretofore taken by any director of the Company with respect to any matter referred to or contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and hereby is, ratified and confirmed as the act and deed of the Company.

##

>These minutes were approved by the Board of Directors on March ___, 2020.
>
> `___unsigned__________`
> Lilia Rusu, Secretary
